README.md, before:

# minimalKioskOS
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TheLastProject/minimalKioskOS.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TheLastProject/minimalKioskOS)

minimalKioskOS is a small [CustomPiOS](https://github.com/guysoft/CustomPiOS) system modelled after [FullPageOS](https://github.com/guysoft/FullPageOS).

minimalKioskOS starts Chromium with the URL defined in /boot/url.txt.

## Why not use FullPageOS?

minimalKioskOS focuses on security more. By default, it's locked down and not running any unnecessary processes. Just Chromium in Kiosk mode with the page you want. If anything goes wrong, there's no way to login and fix things (the password is randomized on first boot for security). Just power-cycle it.

In comparison, FullPageOS runs Lighttpd, keeps the default pi:raspberry username:password combination, has SSH and X11VNC set up.

## How to use it?

*In most cases, you will probably want the continuous build, as this is rebuild once a month using a Travis cron and will contain the latest security patches released for Raspbian. However, it has not been tested. If you are more concerned with proper testing than security patches, use a stable release.*

1. Download a build from the releases tab on GitHub
2. Unzip
3. Install it [like any other Raspberry Pi image](https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/installation/installing-images/README.md)

## Building minimalKioskOS

```
sudo apt-get install realpath p7zip-full qemu-user-static

git clone https://github.com/guysoft/CustomPiOS.git
git clone https://github.com/TheLastProject/minimalKioskOS.git
cd minimalKioskOS/src/image
wget -c 'https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspbian_lite_latest' -O 'latest-raspbian.zip'
cd ..
../../CustomPiOS/src/update-custompios-paths
sudo modprobe loop
sudo bash -x ./build_dist
```

Commit message:

Make Chromium auto-reload on network issues

README.md, after:

# minimalKioskOS
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/TheLastProject/minimalKioskOS.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/TheLastProject/minimalKioskOS)

minimalKioskOS is a small [CustomPiOS](https://github.com/guysoft/CustomPiOS) system modelled after [FullPageOS](https://github.com/guysoft/FullPageOS).

minimalKioskOS starts Chromium with the URL defined in /boot/url.txt and watches the process, ensuring connection retries when network connection issues occur.

## Why not use FullPageOS?

minimalKioskOS focuses on security more. By default, it's locked down and not running any unnecessary processes. Just Chromium in Kiosk mode with the page you want. If anything goes wrong, there's no way to login and fix things (the password is randomized on first boot for security). Just power-cycle it.

In comparison, FullPageOS runs Lighttpd, keeps the default pi:raspberry username:password combination, has SSH and X11VNC set up.

## How to use it?

*In most cases, you will probably want the continuous build, as this is rebuild once a month using a Travis cron and will contain the latest security patches released for Raspbian. However, it has not been tested. If you are more concerned with proper testing than security patches, use a stable release.*

**Make sure to edit /boot/url.txt to the desired URL in your image**

1. Download a build from the releases tab on GitHub
2. Unzip
3. Install it [like any other Raspberry Pi image](https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/installation/installing-images/README.md)

## Building minimalKioskOS

```
sudo apt-get install realpath p7zip-full qemu-user-static

git clone https://github.com/guysoft/CustomPiOS.git
git clone https://github.com/TheLastProject/minimalKioskOS.git
cd minimalKioskOS/src/image
wget -c 'https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspbian_lite_latest' -O 'latest-raspbian.zip'
cd ..
../../CustomPiOS/src/update-custompios-paths
sudo modprobe loop
sudo bash -x ./build_dist
```
